# Meeting Agenda: 2019-10-03
For Group 17: winner_is_kungen  
Chair: Joakim
Participants: Obada Alexander Joakim MÃ¥rten Lukas
 
 * Meeting objectives
  * Resolve merge conflicts
  * Create working demo
  * Discuss RAD and SDD progress
 
 
What have we done:
* Obada: changed icons to text in componentview + rad sdd
* Alexander: Added mapping from logic types to Components in component factory
* Joakim: Added connections
* Lukas: Added componentlist items, and added them to compenent list, and then added them to view

Tasks for next meeting: work on RAD and SDD
