# Meeting Agenda: 2019-10-24
For Group 17: winner_is_kungen  
Chair: Joakim
Participants: Obada Alexander Joakim Mårten Lukas
 
* Meeting objectives:
* Discuss needed tasks for the completion of sprint
* Discuss work needed for rad and sdd
  
What has done:
*  Mårten: created Output component controller Output
*  Obada: Connections points show omponent outputvalue
*  Alexander: Input component basicaly done
*  Joakim: Fixed rad sdd, added peer review.
*  Lukas: Incorperated save/load into UI



  
