# Meeting Agenda: 2019-10-03
For Group 17: winner_is_kungen  
Chair: Joakim
Participants: Obada Alexander Joakim Mårten Lukas

Objectives:
* Review sprint
* Start next sprint

Sprint review:
* What went well
  * Tasks were better defined leading to more effiency
  * Group synergy has improved
* What did not go well
  * Lack of communication regarding the delegation of tasks lead to wasted time
  * While tasks were better defined, there still needs som polishing
* misc
  * added a group programing session on thursdays
  * work on document will be logged on discord
  
Tasks done since last meeting:
* Obada: implemented workspace in model + worked in rad.
* Joakim: worked on rad
* Alexander: uppdated and or gates + nearly finished component factory
* Lukas: Fixed ui bugs
* Mårten: implemented a base of the visual representation of component.
  
Task assinged for next sprint:
* Obada will modify the visual representation of components to use text for icons rather than images
* Joakim will add visual representations of connections nodes to the visual representation of component
* Alexander will implement mapping from component id to "icon" for the pallet
* Lukas will implement a pallet system for the view.
* Mårten will add uuid to components in model.

